README.md, before:

# C/CPP project template
This is a template for small to standard sized C or C++ Projects.

## General advice:
All setting can be customized at the top of the makefile.

## Initial makefile structure
### The initial configuration builds the following structure:
- build/    : Folder for all *.o files
- doc/      : Folder for all documentation files (created by 'make doc')

### Other structure requirements:
The source files must be located in a folder with the name 'src/'.

### Compiler settings:
The initial compiler is set to 'g++' and uses the flags '-Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wno-unused-parameter'. Initially the math library is linked.

### Documentation generator settings:
Initially as generator for documentation doxygen is used. It is called without arguments.

### Debugger setting:
For debugging gdb ist used and called with the arguments '-tui', '--directory' and  '--quiet'. 

### Memory check settings:
To identify memory issues valgrind is used with the arguments '-v --leak-check=full --show-reachable=yes'.

## Target documentation:
- doc           : Runs the documentation generator. 
- clean         : Removes all generated files and folders.
- compile       : Compiles the program (initially enables optimizations with '-O2' flag).
- compileDebug  : Compiles the program for debugging purposes (initially enables '-g' flag).
- debugger      : Runs the debugger with its arguments and if not done starts compileDebug.
- memCheck      : Runs the memory check tool with its arguments and if not done starts compileDebug.
- run           : Runs the compiled program.
- ccr           : Runs the targets clean, compile and run in this order.

Commit message:

Better optimizations, distinct compiler options
More optimizations for full releases and shorter compiletimes during development

README.md, after:

# C/CPP project template
This is a template for small to standard sized C or C++ Projects.

## General advice:
All setting can be customized at the top of the makefile.

## Initial makefile structure
### The initial configuration builds the following structure:
- build/    : Folder for all *.o files
- doc/      : Folder for all documentation files (created by 'make doc')

### Other structure requirements:
The source files must be located in a folder with the name 'src/'.

### Compiler settings:
The initial compiler is set to 'g++' and uses the flags '-Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wno-unused-parameter'. Initially the math library is linked.

### Documentation generator settings:
Initially as generator for documentation doxygen is used. It is called without arguments.

### Debugger setting:
For debugging gdb ist used and called with the arguments '-tui', '--directory' and  '--quiet'. 

### Memory check settings:
To identify memory issues valgrind is used with the arguments '-v --leak-check=full --show-reachable=yes'.

## Target documentation:
- doc            : Runs the documentation generator. 
- clean          : Removes all generated files and folders.
- compile        : Compiles the program with some optimizations (initially enables optimizations with '-O1' flag).
                   Useful for testing the program during development. Only changed files (or files that are dependent on changed files) will be recompiled.
                   The program will run somewhat decent while keeping compiletimes short.
- compileRelease : Compiles the program from scratch with full optimizations (initially enables optimizations with '-O3' and '-flto' flags).
                   Useful for releases. The program will run as fast as possible but the compiletimes will be long.
- compileDebug   : Compiles the program for debugging purposes (initially enables '-g' flag).
- debugger       : Runs the debugger with its arguments and if not done starts compileDebug.
- memCheck       : Runs the memory check tool with its arguments and if not done starts compileDebug.
- run            : Runs the compiled program.
- ccr            : Runs the targets clean, compile and run in this order.
